He is really the richest man in Jiangcheng
And 80 billion
Now you industrialists 50 billion
It's already the limit
Goddamn thing
Are you even a beast that dare not take risks?
Now what?
80 billion have a bid?
Hey call it
Keep barking
Isn't that arrogant?
80 billion time
80 billion twice
80 billion three times
It's a deal!
Congratulations to Mr. Qin
You see
This is our strength to protect the Qin family
I'm pissed off
Didn't you say you're sure?
Now I don't even have a fart at night.
Just got one of these broken knives?
Ladies and gentlemen, our Qin family took Nancheng today
Ownership of land
In the future, we will definitely develop in depth with Diyun Group
work together.
Our Qin family will definitely be more last time
And your Ye family
I can snap my fingers out
Young Master Qin
We just fought with you for the land in Nancheng
It's about survival.
Don't tell me anything about survival
If you really want to survive
Send your daughter to my bed
I'll consider giving you a break
How did it go?
Shameless release
How do you talk to Young Master Qin?
What do you mean by love?
Me.
No idea.